Customer Scenario: You were given access to a Machine Learning Workspace and you found an existing compute instance. You tried accessing it, but unfortunately get an error. What is the obvious reason you get the error? AAD user does not have same domain. Compute Instance not running. Network and Proxy may be blocking connection to Compute Instance. Only the creator of the Compute Instance can access it.
The obvious reason for the error could be that the network and proxy may be blocking the connection to the Compute Instance.

2.Customer Scenario: A customer had a frequency of data populations of 1 sample per day over the course of a year in data drift. They complained their data drift experiment did NOT run. What may be the cause for this? Yes. The target dataset needs to have sufficient data points (> 2) within each frequency cycle for detecting the drift, for example if we want to detect the drift on monthly bases, the dataset should have at least 1 samples per day to have > 1 data points per month. Yes, as long as there is 1 sample a day, this will suffice. The target dataset needs to have sufficient data points (> 50) within each frequency cycle for detecting the drift, for example if we want to detect the drift on monthly bases, the dataset should have at least 2 samples per day to have >50 data points per month.

The likely cause for the data drift experiment not running is that the target dataset needs to have sufficient data points (> 50) within each frequency cycle for detecting the drift. For example, if detecting drift on a monthly basis, there should be at least 2 samples per day to have more than 50 data points per month.

Assessment 3. In the Inferencing - Deploy ML Model to ACl lab: which are the Kusto tables to view the activity related to the model deployment? Dependencies. RSClusterDebugLogs. MLComputeLogs. ModelManagementLogs.

The Kusto tables to view activity related to model deployment in the Inferencing - Deploy ML Model to ACl lab are likely to include "ModelManagementLogs.”

4.the Inferencing - Debug Secured Service Deployment lab: how do you debug and what logs do you collect and analyze to locate the specific error message? We can find TLS handshake error from the container « NAME of Container> az container logs. ﻿﻿We can find < detail> error from ModelManagementlogs. ﻿﻿We can find < detail > error from Traces logs. ﻿﻿We can find < detail> error from Dependencies log.

To debug and locate specific error messages in the Inferencing - Debug Secured Service Deployment lab:

To find TLS handshake errors, check the container logs using: az container logs <NAME of Container>.
For errors, refer to the ModelManagementLogs.
Look for errors in the Traces logs for additional information.
Dependencies logs may contain errors that can help identify the specific issue.
5.the Inferencing - Gather ACI logs lab: if the deployment failure is due to issues in the scoring/environment specification input, which specific ACI log would you review first? KubeCTL POD Logs. ACI App Insights. Workspace App Insights. • AZ Container logs. Question